explain config from plugin file better (#3908)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/configuration.md

### Plugins

> Cypress plugin file runs in Node environment before the browser running a spec file even launches, which gives you the most flexibility to set the configuration values. This enables you to do things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cypress plugins file runs in Node environment before the browser running a spec file launches, giving you the most flexibility to set the configuration values. This enables you to do things like:
```
